docs: FIFO SNS and SQS Release 1.22 (#4025)
aws/copilot-cli: site/content/blogs/release-v122.en.md

## IAM Role Permissions Boundary

## FIFO SNS/SQS

> SNS FIFO Topics and SQS FIFO Queues for your FIFO publish subscribe architecture is now available in Copilot.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SNS FIFO Topics and SQS FIFO Queues for your publish-subscribe architecture is now available in Copilot.
```

> SNS FIFO Topics and SQS FIFO Queues for your FIFO publish subscribe architecture is now available using Copilot.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
SNS FIFO Topics and SQS FIFO Queues for your FIFO publish subscribe architecture is now available in Copilot.
```

> SNS FIFO Topics and SQS FIFO Queues for your FIFO publish subscribe architecture is now available using Copilot.

Reviewer 3: I think it'd probably be a good idea for us to explain why they'd want to use fifo:

```suggestion
To have strict message ordering and message deduplication for your publish/subscribe architecture, you can now use SNS FIFO Topics and SQS FIFO Queues.
```

> ####You can configure your manifest to have SNS FIFO Topics enabled for your services. 

Reviewer 2: Maybe use `###`?
```suggestion
###You can configure your manifest to have SNS FIFO Topics enabled for your services. 
```

> ####You can configure your manifest to have SNS FIFO Topics enabled for your services. 

Reviewer 3: nit:
```suggestion
### You can configure your manifest to have SNS FIFO Topics for your services. 
```

> ###You can configure your service manifest to have SNS FIFO Topics enabled for your services. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### SNS FIFO topics for services
```

> You can specify `fifo: true` in your service manifest under `publish.topics` as shown below and Copilot will create a FIFO SNS Topic for you.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can specify `fifo: true` in your service manifest under `publish.topics` as shown below and Copilot will create a FIFO SNS topic for you.
```

> You can specify `fifo: true` in your service manifest under `publish.topics` as shown below and Copilot will create a FIFO SNS topic for you.

Reviewer 4: nit: (same below)
```suggestion
You can specify `fifo: true` in your service manifest under `publish.topics` as shown below and Copilot will create a SNS FIFO topic for you.
```

> You can specify `fifo: true` in your environment manifest under `publish.topics` as shown below and Copilot will create FIFO SNS Topic for you with the default settings given by the CFN.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can specify `fifo: true` in your environment manifest under `publish.topics` as shown below and Copilot will create a FIFO SNS Topic for you.
```

> You can specify `fifo: true` in your environment manifest under `publish.topics` as shown below and Copilot will create FIFO SNS Topic for you with the default settings given by the CFN.

Reviewer 3: nit:
```suggestion
You can specify `fifo: true` in the service manifest for your topics. Copilot will create FIFO SNS Topics for you with the default settings given by the CFN.
```

Author: I have alternative change [mentioned](https://github.com/aws/copilot-cli/pull/4025/commits/0bb0364ebdc7c087c3089664c973db05665e9a52#diff-04ecc586aa589f72329c52799921229fc5ff7e898637bf1c965f2ea4a15a7199R42) here. Do let me know if that works for you?

Reviewer 3: :shipit

```yaml
publish:
  topics:
    - name: mytopic
      fifo: true
```

> Alternatively, you can also specify the advanced FIFO SNS Topic configuration as:

Reviewer 2: Shall we briefly explain what `content_based_deduplication` does?

Author: I thought of explaining that but then we have 3 more new fields and we need to explain everything in that case. And we are anyway explaining all the fields in the Copilot docs, so they can take a look at there for more information.

```yaml
publish:
  topics:
    - name: mytopic
      fifo:
        content_based_deduplication: true
```

> 

Reviewer 4: Can we add links to the manifest specification at the bottom of the SNS and SQS sections, for example:
```
 For the full specification of FIFO topics, see [manifest specification](../docs/manifest/lb-web-service.en.md#theFifoID😅)
 
  For the full specification of FIFO queues, see [manifest specification](../docs/manifest/worker-service.en.md#theFifoID😅)
 ```

> ### SQS FIFO Queues are also configurable for your worker service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### SQS FIFO queues for worker services
```

> You can specify `fifo: true` in your environment manifest under `subscribe.topics.queue` or `subscribe.queue` as shown below and Copilot will create FIFO SQS Queue for you with the default settings given by the CFN.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can specify `fifo: true` in your environment manifest under `subscribe.topics.queue` or `subscribe.queue` as shown below and Copilot will create a FIFO SQS Queue for you.
```

```yaml
subscribe:
  topics:
    - name: mytopic
      service: myservice
      queue: 

>         fifo: true // topics specific SQS FIFO Queue

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        fifo: true # topics specific SQS FIFO Queue
```

  queue:

>     fifo: true # default SQS FIFO Queue

Reviewer 3: I think we *might* want to be clear that this is configuring the one and only one default queue to be FIFO, not a default queue for the fifo topics (meaning that there could be a default standard queue along side which is not the case). 

Besides we can probably lower-case "Queue"..?

>     fifo: true // default SQS FIFO Queue

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    fifo: true # default SQS FIFO Queue
```

>         fifo: true // topics specific SQS FIFO Queue

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
        fifo: true # Configure the dedicated queue for "mytopic" to be FIFO.
```

>     fifo: true // default SQS FIFO Queue

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    fifo: true # Configure the default SQS queue to be FIFO.
```

```

> Alternatively, you can also specify the advanced FIFO SQS Queue configuration as:

Reviewer 2: Same feedback as above. As a blog post I think it is better to go through scenarios: for default scenario vs another specific scenario that default setting can't satisfy them (don't necessarily include every possible advanced fields).

Author: Actually that is what I am doing here, if you look at the example then you will see I am showing usage of all the new fields in the example.
